README.md, before:

# Dungeon World Playbooks

Big list of all Dungeon World playbooks

* Built with [Jekyll-db](https://github.com/rypan/jekyll-db), which uses [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/), [ListJS](http://listjs.com/), and [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/).


## View Playbooks
[Visit the website](https://exposit.github.io/dw-playbooks/)

## Submit a Playbook
[Create a new file here](https://github.com/exposit/dw-playbooks/new/gh-pages/_posts) and submit a pull request.  
File name format is `{[currentyear}}-{{currentmonth}}-{{currentday}}-{{classname}}.md`.  
Example: `2018-01-03-the-dw-class.md`.

Verify that the chosen date is not in use for the class name you want first.

### File Format
Example format below. Copy and paste and change for the playbook you're submitting. You can also choose an existing file as a template.

```yaml
---
layout: entry
permalink: /the-dw-class
link: http://www.thedwclass.world
author: ['Jane Doe', 'John Smith']
source: The DW Supplement
source-url: http://thedungeon.world/supplement

excerpt: Put the description of your playbook here. Keep it short.

categories:
- category (use archetype or categories from similar playbooks already entered)

tags:
- commercial or free
- license (if not commercial)
- pwyw (if it is)
- setting (if there is one)
- pack (if there is one)
- anything else you think relevant

---

  Any content you want shown on the individual entry page should go here. If you don't use an explicit excerpt field above, one will be generated here.

```

Note: Please put direct quotes from a product page in quotes; surround quoted material with quotes and replace apostrophes with ```&apos;```. Otherwise use your own words. Thanks.

```yaml
excerpt: '"This is a direct quote; it isn&apos;t my own words."'
```

Commit message:

final tweaks on using auto-excerpt; upping limit to 200 characters

README.md, after:

# Dungeon World Playbooks

Big list of all Dungeon World playbooks

* Built with [Jekyll-db](https://github.com/rypan/jekyll-db), which uses [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/), [ListJS](http://listjs.com/), and [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/).


## View Playbooks
[Visit the website](https://exposit.github.io/dw-playbooks/)

## Submit a Playbook
[Create a new file here](https://github.com/exposit/dw-playbooks/new/gh-pages/_posts) and submit a pull request.  
File name format is `{[currentyear}}-{{currentmonth}}-{{currentday}}-{{classname}}.md`.  
Example: `2018-01-03-the-dw-class.md`.

Verify that the chosen date is not in use for the class name you want first.

### File Format
Example format below. Copy and paste and change for the playbook you're submitting. You can also choose an existing file as a template.

```yaml
---
layout: entry
permalink: /the-dw-class
link: http://www.thedwclass.world
author: ['Jane Doe', 'John Smith']
source: The DW Supplement
source-url: http://thedungeon.world/supplement

excerpt: Put the description of your playbook here. Keep it short; no more than 200 characters will display.

categories:
- category (use archetype or categories from similar playbooks already entered)

tags:
- commercial or free
- license (if not commercial)
- pwyw (if it is)
- setting (if there is one)
- pack (if there is one)
- anything else you think relevant

---

  Any content you want shown on the individual entry page should go here. If you don't use an explicit excerpt field above, one will be generated here, using the first 200 characters.

```

Note: Please put direct quotes from a product page in quotes; surround quoted material with quotes and replace apostrophes with ```&apos;```. Otherwise use your own words. Thanks.

```yaml
excerpt: '"This is a direct quote; it isn&apos;t my own words."'
```
